Convo blog (#27)
aseriousbiz/blog: _posts/2022/2022-04-01-abbot-conversations.md

---
title: "Track conversations with Abbot"
description: "We watch the red bubbles in Slack so you don’t have to!"
tags: [abbot, channels, slack, product]

> excerpt_image:http://img.youtube.com/vi/rt37bpKtook/0.jpg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt_image: http://img.youtube.com/vi/rt37bpKtook/0.jpg
```

> excerpt_image:http://img.youtube.com/vi/rt37bpKtook/0.jpg
>     url: 
>     title: Manage and monitor Slack channels with Abbot!
>     alt: Abbot Conversations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt_image:
    url: http://img.youtube.com/vi/rt37bpKtook/0.jpg
    title: Manage and monitor Slack channels with Abbot!
    alt: Abbot Conversations
```

author:
    avatar: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/18128948?s=400&u=c1e2800aa069189445ce05e50376ad53aa06a793&v=4
    name: grust101
---

> We are excited to share that Abbot now works alongside customer teams in Slack to manage shared channels and ensure conversations flow smoothly.

Author: Maybe we just take out the 'we are excited to share that..."

> We are excited to share that Abbot now works alongside customer teams in Slack to manage shared channels and ensure conversations flow smoothly.

Reviewer: One thing I will say about the "We're excited" part is I don't mind if a post ends with something like "We're excited for you to try it out!" I just don't like to start with that.

> [![Screen Shot 2022-04-01 at 1 27 32 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18128948/161315857-562a8b69-e691-4f12-bc4a-c8d2f0e80c15.png)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rt37bpKtook "Video Title")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Image of screenshot from a video about abbot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18128948/161315857-562a8b69-e691-4f12-bc4a-c8d2f0e80c15.png)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rt37bpKtook "Meet Abbot")
```

Reviewer: For accessibility reasons, we should always have a descriptive ALT tag and Title for images.

Customers want answers quickly, and shared Slack channels are a great way to accomplish that. However, keeping track of dozens (or hundreds, AH!) of channels can make it difficult to give your customers an excellent experience. 

As your conversation partner in Slack, Abbot monitors and manages shared channels so that you know when a customer conversation needs attention. 

By adding Abbot to a channel, you can configure response time expectations, set up who the first responders are, and leverage Abbot’s smart priority queue to remind your team of conversations so you don’t miss important requests. 

Abbot will ✨automagically✨ measure your team's performance and bandwidth across customer channels to help you identify when a certain account needs more attention or assistance. By reviewing Abbot’s detailed conversation insights and summary across all customer channels, you can make adjustments when needed to maintain smooth conversation flow with your customers.

> Each customer relationship is unique, so we’ve made Abbot flexible to allow teams to easily create customized conversation flows, so customers can self-serve when they're looking for help but within a format that works best for your team.

Reviewer: A bit of a run-on sentence.

```suggestion
Each customer relationship is unique, so we've made Abbot flexible so teams can easily create customized conversation flows. Your team can create flows that let customers self-serve when they look for help, but within a format that works best for your team.
```

Author: I like the suggestion except the 'look' part. will revise!

Reviewer: "seek help"
